Meditation is a way to self-discovery.

We know independently of experiences.

We learn something practical, we study something theoretical; in 
learning the focus is on the learner. In study it is on the object.

It is hard, if not impossible, to remove by argument the traits that have 
long since been incorporated in the character.

Nothing ever has an absolute existence, not even planets or hydrogen 
atoms. They just 'show up'.

The Christian faith is from the beginning sacrifice, sacrifice of all 
freedom, all pride, and all self-conscience of the spirit, at the same time 
enslavement and self-mockery. It is such men, who, with their 'equal 
before God', have hitherto ruled over the destiny of Europe, until at last 
shrunken, almost ludicrous, species, a herd animal, something full of 
goodwill (and hate?), sickly mediocre has been bred, the European of 
today...

As Hegel believed, the refusal to verbally defend a point has a barbaric 
root; the barbarians' language skills were not sufficiently developed to 
sustain a rational conversation. Setting up a valid psychological goal 
requires that the goal must be in the space of obtainable goals.

Poverty implies suffering.

Some people who say to love your neighbor, in fact think is right to hate 
people who do not do that.

Is the sky blue because is so thin and it has no end, are most endless 
things also blue?

If you celebrate the victory, it means you delight in the slaughter of 
people.

Mankind is in itself not all inclined to award praise and reputation; it is 
more disposed to blame and find fault, whereby indirectly praises itself. 
Men of great genius stand in all ages like isolated heroes, keeping up 
single handed a desperation struggling against the onslaught of an army 
of opponents. Is not this characteristic of the miserable nature of 
mankind?

Could someone understand the word 'pain' that has never felt pain?
A rose is red in the dark too?

Those people who do not have enough faith will not be able to inspire 
faith to others.

Scientific knowledge is cognition free from imperfection.

It is also indispensable law of empirical representation of the time-series 
that the appearance of past time determine all existences in the 
succeeding time, and tat these later, as events, can take place only in so 
far as the appearances of past time determine the existence in time, that 
is, determine them according to a rule.

We must fear those who fear nothing, for they do not follow the natural 
desire for self-preservation.

Nature, the totality of God's work, and yet God is not there.
To be an author... is about the thankless job there is.

It is not the failure of others to appreciate your qualities, but rather your 
luck of them.

Riches and honor can't make his heart sway. Poverty and destitution 
can't modify his integrity. Force can't subdue his will. Then he can be 
called a true man.

This is but a madman. Since he conducts himself so, what is there to 
choose between him and a beast? Why should I criticize a beast? I 
desire life, and I also desire uprightness. If I can't have both, I will 
give up life.

It is always better to do good than wrong

I swear by my life, and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of 
another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.

Liberty is essential to morality, morality implies free choice.
Inferring effects from causes cannot be trusted to uncertain process of 
reasoning.

Friendship is the chief joy of human life, and moderation the only source 
of tranquility and happiness.

Some sciences can develop throughout the centuries and still be no 
genuine.

Innocence is in its very nature stupid.

Responsibility makes one serious.

Beauty in things exists in the mind, which contemplates them. 

How much smoke weights - subtract from the weight of the wood burnt 
the weight of the ashes which are left over, and you have the weight of 
the smoke.

There has never been a benevolent person who neglected his parents or 
an upright person who slighted his lord.

There are, as is known, insects that die in the moment of fertilization. So 
it is with all joy: life's highest, most splendid moment of enjoyment is 
accompanied by death.

Train up a fig tree in the way it should go, and when you are old sit 
under the shade of it - Charles Dickens

Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. 

The deluded fools deeply believe that the only path to achieving peace is 
to violently destroy whoever is seen as an enemy.

The Gods are not magicians who transform themselves; neither do they 
deceive mankind in any way.

This is also certain that every perception or object is supposed to have a 
continued uninterrupted being, and neither be annihilated by our 
absence, nor to be brought into existence by our presence.

Life must be lived forward, but can only be understood backward. 

Our errors are defects of our mode of auction, but not of our nature; and 
that the faults of subordinates may often be attributed to other masters, 
but never to God. The reading of all good books is like a conversation 
with the finest men of past centuries.

Thus reason and morality do not exist in the state by nature; they are 
products of civil society. The desire to have cake and eat it too is as 
old as human nature. Social order is a sacred right.

A revolt should be so unthinkable, as an organized insurrection of sheep 
against the practice of eating mutton.

At times, facts are in front of us; the blind can not see them, the deaf can 
not hear them, and the deluded fool can not believe them.

Ignorance and indiscipline are the causes of a man's troubles. 

The benefits of order are incontestable; it enables men to use space and 
time to the best advantage.

It is cowardice to see what is right and not to do it. The superior 
man is conciliatory but not blind-accommodating; the small man is 
accommodating but not conciliatory.

He did not foresee that in a predatory capitalist economy, state 
intervention would be an absolute necessity to preserve the human 
existence and to prevent the destruction of the physical environment ' I 
speak optimistically.

Moralists hate the jungle, and hate the jungle man therefore.

Those who know don't talk about it; those who talk don't know it. 
Beautiful words can be bought and sold.

If it is divisible at infinitum, then there should be infinite parts in the 
finite thing.

Describe the aroma of coffee ' why can't it be done? Do we miss the 
words?

Where absolute freedom is allowed there is nothing to restrain the evil 
which is inherent in every man.

Men are not natural enemies.

A professor looks at the genius as at a hare: it is good to eat after it was 
killed and dressed up. As long he is alive it is only good to shoot at it. 
The greatest wisdom is to make the enjoyment of the present the supreme 
object of life; because that is the only reality, all else being merely the 
play of thought.

To use many words to communicate a few thoughts is everywhere the 
unmistakably sign of mediocrity.

I am a fortunate man. Whenever I make a mistake other people are sure 
to notice it.

Knowledge is of four kinds: directly sensuous, inferential, recollective, 
and supernatural.

I don't know where it came from, it should be here before the heaven 
and earth was created.

Delude: an individual who regards his own mental fascinations as 
reality, and is predisposed to strongly dedicate his or her entire life to a 
single idea which can be useful or destructive to his or her own life. 
What the deluded fool says typically is not right or even wrong; it is 
downright stupid.

The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, 'I'm from 
the government and I'm here to help. - Ronald Reagan

Human body complexity is beyond our comprehension.

Space is peculiar to us.

What really comes before our mind when we understand a word? ' Isn't 
it something like a picture? Can't it be a picture?

Unemployment, illness, and old age do not deserve punishment. No 
nation has ever shown more heroism than was shown by the 
Japanese, but they were defeated by American industrial productivity. 
The hope that human race will allow itself to survive, is therefore 
somewhat slender.

To get into a rational conversation with an insane person is almost 
enough to drive you crazy.

Transcendental philosophy is unique in the whole field of speculative 
knowledge. The savage knows nothing of poverty because he has no 
acquaintance with wealth.

The Christian religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but 
also even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person 
without one.

There is no understanding where no sincerity is.


All things pass away, dreams and hopes, fears and desires. Not a 
mother, not a father, nor any relative will do so much; a well 
directed mind will do as service.

The attitude that believing or accepting a belief unquestionably on a 
basis of authority is contrary to the scientific spirit.

With a worn-out language everybody can talk about everything.

Wondering implies the desire of learning.

The medicine does not consider the interest of the medicine, but the 
interest of the body.


We can never represent to ourselves the absence of space, though we 
can quite well think it as empty of objects.

All things being equal, is better to be frugal.

Life on the whole is a bad business.

Not to use the laws is as bad as not to have laws at all. The cause 
of pleasure enjoyed by the insolent man is that he thinks himself 
greatly superior to others when ill-treating them.

To feed someone and not respect him is as raising pigs. To love someone 
and not respect him is as keeping pets.

Is there any knowledge in the world which is so certain that no 
reasonable man could doubt it?

Isn't it pleasant to learn with constant perseverance and application? 

All fanatical creeds do harm, they promote hatred and strife.

Some are like blind man talking about white and black in the same way 
as ordinary men, but in practice cannot distinguish between them.
All men are evil.

The faculty of judgment should be left to itself; and care should be taken 
not to participate in its action by in calculating prejudice, which will 
paralyze it for ever.

When we say: Every word in language signifies 'something', we have, 
so far, said nothing whatsoever.

To have faults and not to correct them, this, indeed, is to have faults. 
To put people to death without having instructed them, that is called 
cruelty.

The thought of suicide is a great source of comfort: with it a calm 
passage is to be made across many a bad night.

Like a beautiful flower, full of color but without scent, are the well 
spoken words of him who does not act (as he professes too).
Long is the night to him who is awake, long is the chain of existence to 
the foolish who do not know the true law.

To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.

Some univocal statements can be, at times, equally true and false. For 
example we can state: Today is Monday. That can be true - if and only if 
today is in fact Monday; this implies the cyclical real-time validation.
Snobbism and a craving for superior social standing sometimes lead to 
racism. This is achieved not by elevating yourself but by an attempt to 
denigrate others; that fits the deluded fool's route to fulfill deludes 
desired exclusive social status.

When you know a thing, say that you know it; when you do not know a 
thing, admit that you don't know it. This is wisdom.

When those in inferior posts do not obtain the confidence of those in 
higher positions, they can't succeed in government.

Profound knowledge no one can obtain without putting aside all feelings 
of prejudice and self-conceit.

No one knows whether death may not be the greatest of all blessings to 
man, but men fearing it as if they knew well that it was the greatest of 
evils.

One can become cleansed of all sins by means of knowledge alone.

Generally speaking, true words are often not welcome, and beautiful 
words are often not true.


He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is 
sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.

The universal voice of mankind is always declaring that and virtue are 
honorable, but grievous and poison me; and that the pleasures of vice 
and injustice are easy of attainment, and are only censured by laws and 
opinion.

One must discard the prejudice that the truth must be something 
tangible.

Others might equal his intelligence, but not equal his stupidity.

To criticize and yet offer no alternative is like trying to stop flood with 
water or put out fire with fire. It will surely have no effect.
One who loves will be loved by others; one who hates will be hated by 
others.

It is the responsibility of the intellectuals to speak truth and to expose 
lies.

What you do not desire for yourself, do not do to others.

I have no knowledge of myself as I am, but merely as I appear to myself. 
I have therefore found it necessary to deny knowledge in order to make 
room for faith.

There is an art in every good sentence.

Providence watches over each of us as we journey through life, 
providing us with two guides: repentance and remorse. The one calls us 
forward. The other calls us back. Yet they do not contradict each other, 
nor do they leave the traveler in doubt or confusion.

There is war, no peace, in the world of the learned.

Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy. If I 
have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been owed more to 
patient attention, than to any other talent.

When people think about democracy, they generally couple with it a 
considerable measure of liberty for individuals and groups. 

Honor is the token of a man's being famous for doing good.

The Sage constantly has no set mind. Those who are good he regards as 
good and those who are not good he also regards as good. In this way he 
attains goodness.

The carpenter who makes coffins hopes that men die early. The 
carpenter has no feelings of hatred towards others; he merely stands to 
profit from their death.

There are crimes for which is no punishment severe enough to be 
adequate.

Charity is a sublime grace and its bestowments bless both the giver and 
the receiver.

Human culture hitherto (up until now) has been semibarbarism. It is a 
fundamental belief of the aristocrats that the common people are liars.
Under some circumstances, I love mankind.


If a man has often success - he can take the credit not luck.

Wealth as a whole consists in using things rather than in owning them.

Liberty is a power of acting or not acting according to the determination 
of our will.

The ruler should not tell his desires; for if he reveals his desires, 
ministers will put on a mask that pleases him.
One the whole, the difficult thing about persuasion is to know the mind 
of the person one is trying to persuade and to be able to fit one's words 
to it.

Justice consists in that which is pleasing to most powerful.

When the terrors of life outweigh the terrors of death one can commit 
suicide.

Finally, under this perfect government, there will be no good action 
unrewarded and no evil action unpunished; everything must turn out for 
the wellbeing of the good.

Governing according to the way of nature brings peace instead. Conceit 
leads do defeat.

Not until a person has inwardly understood himself and then sees the 
course he is to take does his life gain peace and meaning.
How unreasonable people are! They never use the freedoms they have 
but demand those who they do not have; they have freedom of thought - 
they demand freedom of speech.

They were historical believes which, after being generally accepted for a 
long time, have in the end been admitted to be mistaken.

The present time has no causal dependence on the time immediately 
preceding it.

The universe cannot be known by our senses, but only by our mind as an 
idea or an imagination because it is infinite.

A human action commonly implies will and intention, but the choice for 
no action is also, factually, an action.

The deludes do not embrace the scientific or political reality. They like 
their world as they perceive it, and therefore, they can't be differentiated 
as strict political conservatives, for example.

Man's rights are easy to define: everyone has a right to do anything that 
injures no one else.

It is not to be inferred that those do not know to control or govern 
themselves should be able to properly advise others.

What is the business of the unemployed scholar? It is to elevate his 
ideal.

The first requisite of a civilization is that of justice that is, the assurance 
that a law once made will not be broken in favor of an individual. The 
liberty of the individual is no gift of civilization. It was greatest before 
there was any civilization.

Humans are definitively social beings; they naturally thrive in 
communities. Most of the time a human community behaves as a bee 
hive, but at times also acts similar to a pack of angry wolves.
The ancient Chinese Dao philosophy entails the concept that the human 
body vanishes and dissolves like everything else in the infinite process of 
change, a fact not probable to be refuted. Envisioned this way, the 
destruction of the body, as the destruction of the entire universe, becomes 
simply a transformation.?

What is the natural expression of an intention? 'Look at a cat when it 
stalks a bird; or at a beast when it wants to escape.

Ignorance is a way to enjoy inconceivable freedom.

The concept of The Delude forwards the inference that man is not 
guaranteed rationality but is merely capable of being rational.
A generally accepted opinion is not, on that basis, guaranteed valid or a 
proof of its accuracy; equally, it is not proof of its falsity.
Extremism, therefore, is a direct consequence of a highly deluded mind. 
Thought is not a physical object; it can only be understood by the 
actions generated by its exteriorization or projection.

Everyone has observed how much more dogs are animated when they 
hunt in a pack, than when they pursue their game apart. We might, 
perhaps, be at a loss to explain this phenomenon, if we had not 
experience of a similar in ourselves.

If I can attain wealth and honor just because I pursue them, then even a 
cart-driver could be a successful man; but if I can't attain wealth and 
honor even thou I restlessly pursue them, I'd prefer to do what I really 
like.

There can be no a priori knowledge, except of objects of possible 
experience.

Heaven and hell suppose of two distinct species of men, the good and the 
bad; but the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue.

Time is purely a subjective condition or our (human) intuition, (which is 
always sensible, that is, so far as we are affected by objects), and in 
itself, apart from the subject, is nothing.

Understanding that rests in what it does not understand is the finest. 
Knowledge has no limit.

No government, however efficient, was morally justified unless it rested 
on the active participation of all its citizens.

Pleasure deprives a man of the use of his faculties quite as much as pain.
Many argue from amusement, and are always contradicting and refuting 
others in imitation of those who refute them; like puppy dogs, they 
rejoice in pulling and tearing at all who come near them.
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil.

If something is absurd in fact and reality, it is absurd as an idea. This 
is universally allowed that the capacity of the mind is limited, and can 
never attain a full and adequate conception of infinity.

All bodies, together with the space in which they are, must be considered 
nothing.  Metaphysics have been but mere representations, and exist 
nowhere but in our thoughts to and mislead into childish efforts of 
catching bubbles, because appearances, which are mere representations, 
were taken for things in themselves.

The duty of education is to discover what every person is good at.
In the last analyses, all suffering is nothing else than sensation. We 
shall never completely master nature; and our bodily organism, itself a 
part of that nature, will always remain a transient structure with a 
limited capacity for adaptation and achievement.

Great intellectual gifts mean an activity pre-eminently nervous in its 
character, and consequently a very high degree of susceptibility, to pain 
in every form. Further, such gifts imply an intense temperament, larger 
and more vivid ideas, which, as the inseparable accompaniment of great 
intellectual power, entail on its possessor a corresponding intensity of 
the emotions, making them incomparably more violent than those to 
which the ordinary man is prey.

The tyrant is one who presumes, in defiance of the law, to rule in 
accordance with the law; the despot is one who places himself above the 
law itself.

The actions themselves can be blamable, but the person is not 
answerable to them.

Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is 
not original and the part that is original is not good. - Samuel Johnson

I don't regard even my own-self to be mine.

Universal judgments say nothing with definitiveness about individuals. 

Many books are bad, and should have remained unwritten. The 
superiority of mind isolates a man. It is only by practicing restraint and 
self-denial that we can act and talk with other people.

Every miserable fool who has nothing at all of which he can be proud, 
adopts as a last resource pride in the nation to which he belongs; he is 
ready and happy to defend all its faults and follies tooth and nail, thus 
reimbursing himself for his own inferiority.

Time is nothing more than that form of the principle of sufficient reason, 
and has no further significance.

It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the 
educated when addressing popular audiences.

Democracy is the even distribution of ultimate political power among all 
adults except lunatics, criminals and peers.

Great indebtedness does not make men grateful, but vengeful; and if a 
little charity is not forgotten, it turns into a gnawing worm.
Twice, when an honest, unequivocal, perfectly scientific way of thinking 
had been attained with tremendous fortitude and self-overcoming, the 
Germans managed to find devious paths to the old 'ideal' - at bottom, 
formulas for a right to repudiate science, a right to lie.
It is just to do good to our friends when they do good, and harm our 
enemies when they are evil?

Someone who does not posses a penny can be just as compassionate as a 
person who gives a way a kingdom.

Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.

Secularists, who dismiss religion as simply false, and fundamentalists, 
who insist on literal truth, both miss the point.

Without the concept of 'existence' how could we know 'emptiness'? 

The problem for language was how to get from sound to meaning. 

In the machinery of the state, the freedom of the press performs the same 
function as a safety valve in a machinery; because facilitates the 
discontent to find a voice.

Isn't it pleasant to have friends visit from faraway places? Is he not a 
man of complete virtue, who feels no unease though men may make no 
note of him?

Stupid people are generally malicious.

The only freedom that exists is of metaphysical character. Freedom is 
also independent of any knowledge, because is antecedent to it. If a 
man shows by his absolutely unscrupulous and selfish behavior in small 
things that a sentiment of justice is foreign to his disposition, he cannot 
be trusted. No bad friends,  better alone than among traitors. Men, 
therefore, may be called irrational, if, like the lower animals, they allow 
themselves to be determined by the moment; reason is the source of 
morality.

Does a man of sense run after every silly tale of hobgoblins or fairies, 
and canvass particularly the evidence? I never knew anyone that 
examined and deliberated about nonsense who did not believe it before 
the end of his enquiries.

Good man; one that lets himself robed, humiliated, and exploited. 

When your opinion leads to absurdities, it is certainly false.
Actions are, by their very nature, temporary and perishing. 

Some things exceed even the power of imagination.

Nothing is more dangerous than the influence of private interests in 
public affairs; and the abuse of laws by the government is a lesser evil 
than the corruption of the legislative authority, which is the inevitable 
result of particular opinions. When all this occurs, the substance of the 
state changes, and all reforms become impossible. ' In the strict sense 
of the term, there never has been, and there never will be, a real 
democracy.

The successful in this world are the unscrupulous and unjust.
There is nothing I like better, Cephalous, than conversing to aged men; 
for I regard them as travelers who have gone a journey which I too might 
have to go, and of whom I ought to inquire, whether the way was smooth 
and easy, or rugged and difficult.

Our senses might deceive us; our memory might be an illusion.

At one time the administration of justice, which is concerned with the 
private interests of all members of the state, was in this way turned into 
an instrument of profit and tyranny, when the knowledge of the law was 
buried in pedantry and a foreign tongue, and the knowledge of legal 
process was similarly buried in involved formalities.

Absolute idea can describe the absolute reality.

Although the world is not perfect, it is yet the best that is possible. 

The great man is he who still retains the innocent heart of a child.

The fool who knows his foolishness is wise at least to that extent; but the 
fool who thinks himself wise is called a fool indeed.

He who claims to be sure of something for which is no evidence is a 
fool, and he who acts on the basis of what cannot be proved is an 
impostor. Those who follow the ancient rules are either fools or 
impostors.

Men will have to submit to the law, even when they think that the law is 
unjust and iniquitous.

A good warrior is never violent.

Only rich men are able to command endless pleasures.

The sage treasures everything; so nothing is wasted.

Deficiency in judgment is just what ordinarily is called stupidity, and for 
such a failing there is no remedy.

It is self-evident that when we grasp that our understanding of our 
universe amounts to about nothing, then, in fact, we know something. 
There is no profit in pleasure; only hard work can bring it along. And 
what do we do when we get the profit? Make use of it to get some more 
pleasure.

The common people can be made to follow a path and not understand it. 

It is better to leave alone; there is no companionship with a fool.
Mental punishment is a great crime, and it is hard to be proven.
Perception is held to be of two kinds, external and internal. 
The enjoyment of heaven lies in eating good foods, and keeping 
company of young women.

Most men identify friends with useful people.

Common sense is the best distributed commodity in the world, for every 
man is convinced that he is well supplied with it.
If you would be a real seeker after truth, you must at least once in your 
life doubt, as far as possible, all things.

Silence is often advisable but indifference is both criminal and wrong. 
The moral force of the profound person is like the wind; the moral force 
of the small person is like the grass. Let the wind blow over the grass 
and it is sure to bend.

Dogmatism, which teaches us nothing, and of skepticism, which does not 
even promises us anything.

We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything. 

Advise the best - but stop when is no chance of success.

When I told him one thing he understands ten.

Poets'..though liars by profession, always endeavor to give an air of 
truth to their fictions.

We can see that one is without the feeling of sympathy, one is not a 
human.

Man is a reasonable being.

By the name God I understand a substance that is infinite [eternal, 
immutable], independent, all knowing, all powerful, and by which I 
myself and everything else, if anything else exist, have been created. We 
can conceive nothing that is extended as being so small as not to be 
capable of being divided, in thought at least.

Nowadays, for a person to be filial means no more than that he is able to 
provide his parents with food. Even dogs and horses are provided with 
food. If a person shows no reverence, where is the difference? The 
profound person understands what is moral. The small person 
understands what is profitable.

They constantly respect him who respects others.

When he is unable to realize his wishes, he stands to his principle alone. 

I keep the subject of my inquiry constantly before me, and wait till the 
first dawning opens gradually, by little and little, into a full and clear 
light.

For the same reason, so-called 'humanity' and 'morality' restrict 
people's true nature.

The gather much thought into a few words stamps the man of genius.
In schools students gather information, and not always insight.
In comparing two great men, injustice can be done to either of them. 
The impression made by a masterpiece varies with the capacity of mind 
to understand it.

The journey of a thousand miles was began one step at a time.

To understand others is to be knowledgeable; to understand yourself is 
to be wise. To know when you have enough is to be rich. To die but not 
be forgotten ' that's true long life.

Man is, at bottom, a savage, horrible beast. We know it only in the 
business of taming and restraining him which we call civilization. Hence 
it is that we are terrified if now and them his nature breaks out. But it is 
unnecessary to wait for anarchy in order to gain enlightenment on this 
subject. A hundred records, old and new, produce the conviction that in 
his unrelenting cruelty man is in no way inferior to the tiger and the 
hyena.

A superior man makes demands upon himself; a small man makes 
demands upon others.


The further you go the less you know.

Vulgar people take a huge delight in the faults and follies of great man; 
and great man are equally annoyed at being thus reminded of their 
kinship with them.

Void is nothing else but dimensions, when dimensions are removed void 
becomes nothing.

Psychology, it is said, deals with thinking at it is, logic with thinking as it 
should be.


Attitude is the death of sound philosophy, although the former might 
perhaps be entitled the euthanasia of pure reason.

Nothing is freer than the imagination.

It must therefore be regarded as the condition of the possibility of 
appearances, and not as a determination dependent upon them. Out of 
the crooked timber of humanity, no straight thing was ever made. 

Repay the injury with straightness, but repay a good turn with a good 
turn.

Pure concepts are not derived from experience.

There are two kinds of truths: those of reasoning and those of fact. The 
truths of reasoning are necessary and their opposite is impossible; the 
truths of fact are contingent and their opposites are possible.
A great doctor kills more people than a great general. 

Succession is the whole nature of time.

It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied; better to 
be Socrates dissatisfied than a fool satisfied. And if the fool, or the pig, is 
of a different opinion, it is because they only know their own side of the 
question.

People do what it seems best to them.

Do not speak anything harsh, those who are spoken to will answer you 
(in the same way). Since angry talk is painful, retaliation will touch you. 
Victory breeds hatred; the conquered dwells in sorrow. He who has 
given up victory and defeat, he is calm and lives happily.

A wise man proportions his believes to the evidence.

The life of a fool is worse than death.

You cannot corrupt the people, but you often can deceive them.
In a well-governed state they are a few criminals.

Great eloquence is silent.

One should not go into churches if one wants to breathe pure air.

In so far as the respective senses are concerned, a veritable abyss yawns 
between conciseness and reality.

Impressions and ideas ' the difference betwixt these consists in the 
degrees of force and liveliness, with which they strike upon the mind, and 
make their way in our thought and consciousness.

I found myself embarrassed with so many doubts and errors that it 
seemed to me that the effort to instruct myself had no effect other than 
the increasing discovery of my own ignorance.

Multiplicity of laws often furnishes excuses for evil doing. Sometimes is 
very difficult to untangle the truth.

Delight in misfortune of others which remain the worst trait of human 
nature.

We can know objects only as they appear to us (to our senses), not as 
they are in themselves; and this assumption is absolutely necessary if 
synthetic propositions a priori be granted as possible.

An absolute reality is as valid as a round-square.

For we are busy that we may have leisure, and make war that we might 
live in peace.

It is therefore correct to say that the senses do not err - not because they 
always judge rightly, but because they do not judge at all.

Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the 
opposite.

The majesty of duty has nothing to do with the enjoyment of life. 
Faith ... is the moral attitude of reason as to belief in that which is 
unattainable by theoretical cognition.

One has the right to dissent, a right to side with anyone, even a right to 
be an idiot. However, he or she has no right to lie and to masquerade 
bigotry as a political view.

An un-kept promise is like a rainy day: useless, cold, and depressing. 
When someone asks meaningless questions, as deludes commonly do, 
what is the merit that one answers them?

Mine is a most peaceable disposition. My wishes are: a humble cottage 
with a tattered roof, but a good bed, good food, the freshest milk and 
butter, flowers before my window, and a few fine trees before my door; 
and if God wants to make my happiness complete, he will grant me the 
joy of seeing some six or seven of my enemies hanging from those trees. 
Before their death I shall, moved in my heart, forgive them all the 
wrongly they did in their lifetime. One must, it is true, forgive one's 
enemies-but not before they have been hanged.

Health overweighs all other blessings so much that one may really say 
that a healthy beggar is happier than an ailing king.

If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. I do 
not know what I may appear to the world; but to myself I seem to have 
been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in 
now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than 
ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before 
me.

To remove ignorance is to realize the truth.

Consciousness is a mental and therefore not physical feature of the 
brain. Our capacity for consciousness is and other mental phenomena 
are a result of long periods of biological evolution.
If the supernatural existed, it too would have to be natural.
Our mind is staggered by the immensity of the infinite universe, and a 
discovery that is so vast, beyond ordinary human power of 
understanding.

Sometimes is more desirable to seem just than to be just.

The Delude might irrationally believe something that is true.

Many people would sooner die than think. In fact they do. The whole 
problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain 
of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.

The metaphysical description of God as 'that than which nothing greater 
can be conceived' is particularly puzzling to the fool's mind. Can God be 
the implied fancy of the infinity concept?

The person who is satisfied with his present is a wealthy person. The 
man who declares himself of great wisdom is but a person who may only 
know the 'superficial' Principle of the universe, a fool who likes to 
cheat himself. Between a person's fame and his life, which one does the 
person treasure more?

Eloquence addresses itself to the fancy of the affections, captivates the 
willing ears, and subdues their understanding.

The man's genuine superiority is that of mind and character.

No animal ever torments another for the mere purpose of tormenting, 
but man does it, and it is this constitutes the diabolic feature in his 
character which is so more worst than the merely animal.

We know that a man is in general superior to all other animals, and this 
is also the case in his capacity for being trained.

There can not be doubt that all our knowledge begins with experience. 
The true transcendental concept of infinitude is this, that the successive 
synthesis of units required for the enumeration of a quantum can never 
be completed.

When his wishes were to be realized, he passes on virtue to people.

To use the force of arms is something one resorts to only when one has 
no choice but to show military strength.

It is better to be silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove 
all doubt. 

No physician, in so far as he is a physician, considers his own good in 
what he prescribes, but the good of his patient; for the true physician is 
also a ruler having the human body as a subject, and is not a mere 
money-maker; that has been admitted. 

The answer is unsatisfactory; not because it contains any falsehood, but 
because it discovers not all the truth.

Perception is the only source of knowledge; what is not perceived does 
not exist.

A man is wise only on condition of living in a world full of fools.

Domestic animals expect food when they see the person who usually 
feeds them.

When we do philosophy we are like savages, primitive people, who hear 
expressions of the civilized men, put a false interpretation of them, and 
then draw the queerest conclusion from it.

All mankind are in agreement, except for those whose views are not 
worthy of consideration.


Man speaks by being silent.

You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some 
of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time. 

Justice is a fine name for the interest of the stronger.
Might make everything right, and always has.

Modern man's future is threatened by the world he created.

Those who assert that the mathematical sciences say nothing of the 
beautiful or the good are in error. For these sciences say and prove a 
great deal about them; if they do not expressly mention them, but prove 
attributes, which are their results or definitions, it is not true that they 
tell us nothing about them. The chief forms of beauty are order and 
symmetry and definiteness, which the mathematical sciences demonstrate 
in a special degree.

Winning a war is not a glory.

For the purposes of life, conduct, and society, a little good sense is 
surely better than all this genius and a little good humor than this 
extreme sensibility.

Animals are instinctively afraid of the sight, or even the track of man. If 
you laugh a great deal, you are happy; if you cry a great deal, you are 
unhappy.

There is no idea so foolish but that it cannot be put in to the heads of 
ignorant and incapable multitude, especially if the idea holds out some 
prospect of any gain or advantage.

Not that you lied to me but that I no longer believe you ' that is what 
distressed me.

God is nothing else than abstract being, which is the same as nothing.

Words are not like the wind, words have some thing to say.

